listen I guess the petition worked let
me explain
now if you feel bamboozled if you feel
like Henri and marriage story being told
to believe two different things then
you've probably seen a Star Wars movie
in theaters recently now in my opinion
there's two ways to break this down you
got the fans and then you got the studio
the fans are here for the story the
legacy of it all and while a lot of
people want to compare it to endgame
that's only been around for ten years
they've definitely also distance
themselves from the comics and we like
Dano showed up in 2012 what Star Wars
fans have been waiting 40 years and they
want something different because you see
this really isn't the end of a trilogy
it's chapter 9 and a saga and I like
with the prequels we now have social
media who either have their knives out
for or against Rian Johnson but if you
don't care about the lore you can't tell
the difference between this and
Chewbacca then maybe you've noticed that
there's also the studio side of things
and Disney done Google again it is a 9th
chapter so I will be covering my
thoughts eventually on the entire series
as a whole but for now I would just want
to talk about rise of the Skywalker and
how Disney decided to make a sequel and
a remake in the final act of the biggest
space franchise of all time
my heart so ever since the force got
awakened it's meant something completely
different to everyone Rian Johnson made
it so that anybody can have the force
and said that having no name was okay
Abrams redid it so that the force is
about legacy and how carrying a name
means everything to some the force has
always been about family to others it's
the spectacle the journey the lore to
George it's microbiotic creatures that
feed off the forest using our bodies as
conduits while controlling the universe
and reality as we know it pretty much
using human beings as a vehicle in which
an organism known as the Wills controls
us like a Tesla then there's Disney who
thinks it's all about there's only one
thing funnier than Disney fumbling the
finale worse than HBO that's everyone
who freaked out about it and I feel kind
of bad because I wasn't raised a Star
Wars fan and I'm sure if this happened
to something I liked I would be royally
pissed but hearing the talk that Disney
didn't even have a layout for the
trilogy like not so much as a syllabus
after dropping four billion dollars on
it like I like the force awakens I think
it's fun even though I do recognize it's
just a template but I enjoy it then they
decided to make the last Jedi and I was
surprised that Disney had the balls to
take the story in that direction they
didn't experience with this guy now mind
you I really do like the themes
presented in the last Jedi
I like how Rian Johnson wasn't looking
to go the lazy route and really did
study a Star Wars lore and wanted to
make something outside of the genre film
that played with beams but he also knew
who's gonna piss off a lot of people but
that I mean JJ did his whole mystery box
staying and the force awakens we all
know this setting up a bunch of stuff
and people started theorizing about it
Disney then gave Rian Johnson full
creative Liberty to do what he wanted
which again I think it's both the
coolest and the dumbest thing I've ever
seen and whether you love it or hate it
I highly recommend the documentary Ryan
made called the director the Jedi which
one even if you hate the guy it's just
an interesting look at how big
blockbusters are made from an indie guys
perspective so
now I am signing the final budget sheet
don't get too used to this right some
point we have to go back to to reality
and to even though people use it against
them he's very open about his decisions
and how people were gonna hate him I
told Brian this is no surprise I said I
just fundamentally disagree with your
concept of this character and how you
use him I have to trust him I'm firmly
in Ryan's camp now having told him I
hate everything you've done to my
character and disavow it and once I got
that off my chest
I said now leave me o guru so know I'm
not one who thinks Ryan tried to
maliciously ruin your Star Wars cuz
one-and-done I don't think he knows who
you are but I do think Ryan he subverted
not one not two not even seven of the
setups JJ had in the force awakens we
had made a whole video about my thoughts
on this and how at a certain point to me
just felt forced well I agreed don't let
phantoms dictate where your story should
go it's kind of bogus to set up
something I expect people to get
invested and then shame them when you
switch it up on them only to then Reese
which it up on them I like a lot of
things from the last Jedi a lot of
things do see pointless now in
retrospect look with the same hindsight
a lot of things do seem better yet right
when I had come to terms of Star Wars
may not have had a plan but we're at
least sticking to artists taking risks
and backing them up number
doesn't matter this is where I feel the
fandom has just been slapped in the face
like doesn't matter what size you are
you there's no way you don't see how
they're just goofing you I'm surprised
more people aren't upset right off the
bat you shouldn't have to buy a visual
companion piece that's released after
the movie to have to follow along with
the movie especially when they forgot to
size the good the posters aren't I mean
do they even matter if they had already
printed the last Jedi lower onto books
only to just go void I don't know if
something can be canon for two years and
then poof it's like what is this la is
what Long Island felt like I know y'all
collected Fox but Disney's treating
chapter 8 worse than they did Wolverine
Origins it's like it never happened
cuz nine doesn't just feel like two
movies it feels that gets replacing
eight and then rushing what's supposed
to be a grand finale
this isn't me getting caught up with it
it's been a month since this movie came
out and I'm convinced that this has just
become a thing that happens whenever we
try to reveal the parents in any media
listen so Emperor Palpatine returns
looking extra crusty Cherie I died
movies ago but like that Channing Tatum
movie that he's in he was just chill in
the floorboards - it was it's time to
come up turns out this man had an entire
fleet of ships this entire trilogy I
believe his audience who's there to
entertain him are just clones of himself
like he's Rick Sanchez and this man
thought creating a scrotum looking Jeff
Goldblum from Ragnarok would help a last
Skywalker join the dark side guess it's
tried and true cuz it worked but he also
smashed someone in the mists of all his
IVs and well I'm glad a lot of people
were curious about Rays last name in
this one cuz she just met her grandpa I
can see how this is a good thing because
it now answers everybody who was
complaining about why she was so
powerful why she was so strong and it
does but it also makes a lot of other
things feel stupid Poe and Finn are
definitely gay that's just its facts yet
they shove two female characters in this
movie because Disney didn't have the
balls to go with it and wanted to end
all fan theories keep it it suits you
and I would try to push it a bit in that
direction but yeah the Disney overlords
were not ready to do that cuz you know
it's okay for the guy who's been beating
you up who's involved in a gang that
literally goes by the dark side to kiss
you on your deathbed but two dudes nah
take this background kiss that we can
claim as a win for diversity but then we
cut it out overseas because we're
cowards for that money look you can be
gayer than Adam Lambert or hate the new
Watchmen but I don't see how this isn't
a slap in the face the both of you both
sides they can't pick a side because
they don't want to upset their pockets
they want to have it both ways and it's
so scummy trying to be fake woke but
they're not standing up for it but you
just end up trying too hard people can
see through that that's been the problem
with so many brands right now on social
media they're just like why are you
depressed your last name is delights
like sure a game of Thrones was also
rushed and that's another season that
really should have been - really we
should come back to the splitting the
last in the - phenomenon we were doing
but maybe they're ending also affected
how much we saw of Darkrai in this
considering how big of a cultural
phenomenon both of these things are but
at least with Game of Thrones they stuck
with what they were going for they in
stick the landing but at least they
didn't do what star wars did which was
to backtrack that to me is worse at one
point rate throws away the lightsaber
and ghost Luke catches it but really he
makes a joke about not tossing the
lightsaber like he did and they're out
here doing press like oh no it's filming
really mean in a mean way we know y'all
have test screenings y'all know how that
came up y'all know what you're doing
then it turns out get this luke and leia
knew that Ray was Palpatine's
granddaughter the whole time didn't this
man live through a whole trilogy where
he saw what the Emperor did to his
father did Leia who supposedly had a
great relationship training ray really
know that that was palps granddaughter
when it seems she ain't even no palp was
alive y'all really thought letting kylo
Ren in his Hot Topic attire was the best
way to inform her it doesn't matter this
movie rushes faster than Andrew Neiman
one moment I'm mourning chewy the next
he fine
c-3po gone the next he back
Anse Chui couldn't before I was pacing
back and forth just to understand the
pace of this movie and then it all
clicked none of it makes sense that said
I really do like two scenes in this film
there's one where Leia realizes that she
can reach out to her son in the second
half of the final movie of this trilogy
and we had a wounded kylo who gets
revived by race touch but also renewed
by hearse but they actually get a scene
where Ben sees his dad han again and
honestly I really do like the scene I
like it more every single time I see it
because of the way that it calls back to
Ben's mistake in the force awakens and
the whole I know respond it had me I
like it I do like it a lot I forgot what
the other scene was in the end Rey
confronts our grandpa and he booms her
man's able to control the literal 100
thousand ships out there like I love how
Poe had just given up like legit this
man who is now the new general because
Leia is dead right lei is gone it's Poe
and he just decides to give up on
everybody isn't even shooting and then
he gets an on your left and we see so
many ships like it's supposed to floor
us this is the war in the stars every
single person the rebellion has come
together and Palpatine with his
crackling fingertips is so strong he
just paused them all we're dealing with
it being so powerful that literally
everybody in the galaxy is fighting
right above him in a yield time Rey
defeats him with two lightsabers
I count six yaks I count two girls knew
in the end kylo holds a dead ray in his
arms but now he's officially been solo
so I just have to correct all the reloj
fans out there cuz that doesn't make any
sense
just like shipping ray Loewy but since
they just introduced that healing
element with baby Yoda you know the day
before the premiere of this movie he
gets to use it because it's cannon now
cuz he also now has that power and
instead of giving him the negan
treatment they let him die but they kiss
Rey so you know you guys today your
mother-in-laws last name in the end they
plug in the fact that Lando might have a
daughter so that YouTube theories could
meet Kelly Marie Tran has less lines and
Anna packin somehow c-3po wasn't
annoying he was actually on my favorite
parts of the movie and that's crazy
considering i legit believe legitimately
believe he's the worst part of all the
Star Wars but overall I'm just thankful
I'm alive to experience this craziness
and mess of the studio's because
it's just it's just been fun to watch
it's a space opera that people have
experienced with their families growing
up people have quoted these movies like
it's their livelihood and no matter how
much commotion these new ones start look
it's still going to be Star Wars for a
certain generation that's growing up
with it I just wish they had a better
feeling of backbone today there's still
the Mandalorian thank you guys checking
out this video I'm curious know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section a big shout out to the one
champion the true MVP of all the star
wars john williams still snatching up
nominations towards the end man I got an
oscar nomination for the last movie and
he got a Grammy nomination for a theme
park ride that he did for Star Wars he's
the best he truly is the best part of
all of it even when the movies are trash
he's still the best part
Leeman Ramananda was also a resistant
trooper in the movie which I thought was
cool as I'm looking through my notes
here he even wrote a jingle I think I
don't know who exactly which one it was
but it's just been interesting to see
this whole back and forth through it I
do think they're entertaining my ranking
if you were to ask for the new ones goes
7 8 9 I do think that they're all fun in
their own way but they're so messy and
they shouldn't be like that's the
problem they shouldn't be enjoy it right
y'all not even gonna admit this
goofiness that's been going on here I
there is a thing about it though I
remember back in the day when some
people had actually mentioned that it
was going to be Palpatine and again I am
gonna make a whole video on that I know
the posters right here I know when he
has so many kinds of Star Wars fans
trying to correct me I'm sure I will be
working a whole video that I get out
some of that connects I had those
friends who were like to always tell me
about Darth Plagueis and the tale of him
they were worse than Jehovah Witnesses
okay I had the Jehovah Witnesses on
speed-dial trying to make sure they
didn't come in so I kind of know the
gist of it as much as I'm not a Star
Wars fan Star Wars fans are loud and I
have friends or Star Wars fans hope by
default it's like you know in the Bible
you know you're not a Christian but your
friend is I feel bad for Chewie all of
his friends are dead
I believe that metal is Hans we did a
whole intercut podcast episode you go
check it out Fernando tried his hardest
to defend it and he brought up that that
was actually one of the things that I
did agree with him the most I think that
is supposed to be Hans metal maybe I'm
wrong I don't know but
yeah we'll see I don't know don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and here's
a Babu freak laugh